Why did you call me on Xiaoya's phone?
Don't get so excited
Chen Tianze, I said I would slowly die
Tomorrow I have an auction in Xiao Xia
Xiaoya is the focus of our auction
It's up to you to save him or not
Xiaoya, what did you do to Xiaoya?
Come here and you'll know
bastard
Mr. Chen, what happened to you?
There is one thing
Beijing Xiao Family
Xiao Lingtian took my friend away
You actually offended the Xiao family in Jincheng
Why find the wrong one?
The president immediately cancels the cooperation
Shanghook President
Are you Xiao Lingtian's fiancee?
You are now working with the adversary of the Xiao family
You will bring hopeless disaster to Shanggong Group
Stop talking
Sign the contract and sign again
Mr. Chen is already my partner
Now let me cancel the cooperation.
Do you pay liquidated damages?
Why are you Xiao Lingtian's fiancee?